# strongly-recommend-coinbase-Create-Wallet-Enter-Address-We-can-only-automate-payments-to-Coinbas
strongly recommend coinbase:  Create Wallet  Enter Address  We can only automate payments to Coinbase wallets, if you have a wallet managed by another provider, then you can transfer the balance from coinbase to your existing wallet after the payment is made.  How do I earn the free bitcoin?  Once you've created your coinbase wallet, and entered the wallet address above, then you will be presented with an activity to be completed, which will take less than 5 minutes. This will then be sent for manual verification, and then your coinbase bitcoin wallet will be automatically credited with $10 USD worth of Bitcoins (terms and conditions apply)  Cashing your bitcoin  To get real money from your Bitcoin, you need to need to transfer it to either a prepaid debit card, or a bank account.  Prepaid Debit Card  Bank Account  Terms and conditions  This offer is strictly limited to $10 USD per user per day, attempts to claim more than $10 USD per day in Bitcoin in a 24 hour period will result in a cancelling of your account. This is to prevent jobs being over-subscribed.   There is no cash alternative, we only offer payment to coinbase wallets via bitcoin, we do not offer paypal, wire transfer or check payments. If you have a bitcoin wallet with another provider, then you can open a coinbase wallet, and transfer the bitcoin to your existing wallet, without extra charge.    We source activities from clients who pay us at least $10 USD per completed job, and we insist that each job can be completed within 5 minutes. These tasks generally require a small level of technical expertise, and thus are not easily automated.   Want to cash out your earnings to your bank account? the cheapest way is BitcoinToBankAccount.com BITCOIN TO BANK ACCOUNT.COM  Get Started   CREATE WALLET ENTER ADDRESS  Home ⋅ Wallet ⋅ Get Started  © Infinite Loop Ltd 2020. All Rights Reserved                      ×Allocated activity: Linkback  Thank you for entering your bitcoin wallet address, this will be used to transfer your earnings to you. In order to earn your bitcoin please perform the allocated activity below: Linkback  If you own a website, blog, or have access to a public web forum, then post a link back to this website "http://www.freebiebitcoin.com", using the following HTML  &lt;a href="http://www.freebiebitcoin.com">Earn free bitcoin&lt;/a>
